god yeah look at that oh my word no you
never tell me to be like this it looks
like magic doesn't it it looks like it
looks like a big Mexican wave and you
never seen that before
that is just beautiful
each of these massive combs can contain
a hundred thousand wild bees together
they look like a single super organism
this is their greatest defense
particularly against their old enemy the
whole it
and when under attack they do the
synchronized flicking of their abdomens
creating those astonishing waves it
really does make them appear as one an
intimidating mass of bees designed to
make any predator think twice but
Hornets don't give up easily
they hang around the nests waiting to
intercept individual bees as a return
from foraging unlucky ones are literally
knocked to the ground
[Music]
where a fellow Hornet or two is waiting
to strike
but it would take an army of Hornets to
have any real impact on these bees there
are over two million on this cliff alone
I've never seen too many bees in my life
and they're all outside they're all
fairly angry because there's lots of
Hornets flying around attacking them
you